Hello! This is to guide you on making your own custom character compatibility with packs, or fix compatibility for existing ones on your end.

First off, if you want to make it so a character automatically switches 
Note that these instructions in particular can apply to any resource pack that exists, not just SMAS Pack.

1. Copy either your Custom Character folder, or one of the player folders.
2. Put the copy in Players/CustomCharacters (If this folder doesn't exist, simply make one yourself)
3. Make sure the folder matches the same name as the Custom Character you want compatibility for.
4. Create the custom character like you normally would. Tutorials for this process already exist.
5. If done correctly, loading the character in-game with the pack enabled should display unique sprites.

Now, if you encounter any parsing errors with other assets in the pack you added your character to, it is a pack error due to said elements not having a "default" value to fallback on.
I suggest you go over to said pack's page and point out any errors regarding this, while also adding the default value to anything missing it.

Exclusive to SMAS Pack are Underground Bonus Room backgrounds. These change based on who you play as.
By default, unsupported custom characters will display a Mystery Mushroom, but if you want to change this, follow these steps:

1. Go to Sprites/Backgrounds/Hills/BonusRoom, this is where all Bonus BGs are stored.
2. Duplicate TemplateBonus.png, and rename it to Bonus[CharName].png. Unlike other cases, this doesn't need to match the folder name.
3. Open it up in an image editing software, and make your bonus sprite. It's recommended you stay within the border so the positioning is right, but larger sprites are fine.
4. Once done, save it, and open up Hill.json in the preceeding folder. You want to search for the Underground Background.
5. Add a new BonusRoom variation for your character, using the newly-created image. MAKE SURE IT MATCHES THE FOLDER NAME OF YOUR CHARACTER, ELSE IT WON'T WORK!
6. Save the .json, load up 1-1, go in the bonus room, and if everything worked correctly, it should display with your character. If you get .json errors at any point, make sure to fix them accordingly.

Finally, if you have a character that doesn't match with the filename here, re-name the accociated folder and variation in Hill.json and it should work.
For instance; if Your "Yellow Toad" character folder is instead called "YellowToad", Rename both accordingly.

Hopefully, this helps with any problems you might have when adding new characters to packs!